# Contribution to CYSE 465 project
When it came to my individual contribution to the final report, I would say I conducted a great deal of research. Not only did I collect data, but I also engaged with my group member, Hajrah Choudhry, and we explored and conducted further research on some of the tools and technologies employed throughout this project. Prior to taking some action, we needed to plan how we wished to undertake this project and that we'd execute it out utilizing the specific tools and technology necessary. We went over everything with our other team members, Luke, David, and Viren, to help ensure we were all on the same page for this Final Project. In terms of my personal research, I examined how light transmitted from an originating vehicle may transport light data to another vehicle in the same way that light data is intended to be obtained. As a potential solution to the problem, I thought it was intriguing that some individuals may consider providing the information at an indeterminate period after the original transmission if it fails. However, if several devices work together to transmit information regularly, far too much time will have elapsed. Instead, autonomy prefers data to be analyzed in real-time (or as close to it as feasible) to perform the duties such as slowing down if the car in front of you abruptly stopped. In addition, I conducted research on the SVL simulator, which I was inexperienced with prior to this assignment. As per my study, the SVL Simulator is a simulation environment for creating autonomous vehicles and robotic systems. As the development of sophisticated automobiles, transportation systems, and autonomous agents becomes more complicated, the testing requirements and infrastructure required to support them become critical to deploying safe systems on public roads and in their surroundings. It comprises the testing infrastructure and technique required for safe autonomous vehicle or robot development and deployment. Overall, I would say I did a solid amount of research, typed a good amount for the final report, and made sure I was communicating with my team members as effectively and efficiently as possible. 
